a protest plan tonight by a local mom
we've shown you to her she says a bully
knocked her son out cold on a school bus
and we showed you video of that incident
earlier this week
Alexandra Lewis is live with details of
tonight's demonstration Alex believes
the Belleville school system hasn't
taken the situation seriously that her
13 year old son the assault on him has
really just kind of been swept under the
rug by the school system and that's why
today she's demanding that they take
notice take a look we were actually at
her house earlier today when she was
rounding up the troops and she found out
about the school board meeting she made
an event on Facebook asking mom and kids
alike to join her inner protest against
bullying they're expecting a dozen
people to come out even some moms
planning on speaking tonight lisa says
from the very beginning the school
system did not follow protocol according
to their own handbook the police were
never notified and the child was only
suspended for two days now today ELISA
shared the voicemail you're about to
hear at first she received when she was
right after Caleb was found unmoving on
the school bus the way it sounded as if
there was just a little scuffle or maybe
someone I didn't even know anything
happened to my son about like getting
knocked unconscious so that kind of
threw me off and then next thing you
know I'm at the emergency room with my
son for the last 30 minutes Lisa and a
handful of others had signs near the
road but since it's gotten dark and
they've put those away for now but the
meeting starts at 7:00 and everybody's
gonna file in and they plan to speak
tonight at that meeting we're gonna
bring you the latest details
specifically lisa says she wants to talk
to superintendent st. Pierre who has not
talked to her at all and we can kind of
feel her on that one because he has not
returned our phone calls as well we hope
to talk to
superintendent tonight that's the latest
here in Bellbrook Alexandra Lewis ABC
22news